add CI instruction for conditional benchmark job (#65)
tkf/BenchmarkCI.jl: README.md

          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

> If you don't want to benchmark your codes for every pushes of every PR, then you can conditionally trigger jobs on label:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to benchmark your code for every push of every PR,
then you can conditionally trigger the jobs on a label:
```
